PURPOSE
    Attempt to calculate n terms of Fibonacci's sequence per round in a background thread and
display them in the console. During runtime, the user should be able to start, pause, resume, stop,
change max value, reset, restart, and change the speed of rounds with immediate effect (with minor
error in rescheduling time if necessary). This is an experiment to work with threads in a console
environment.


COMMANDS
    help        Lists each command and its description (this list)

    max [#]     Sets process to end when past given value

    pause       Pauses process if running, or message is displayed

    reset       Stops process and resets environment to default starting state

    restart     If running or paused: immediately restarts from starting value
                If not running: message is displayed

    speed [#]   Changes the time allotted for each iteration. If no value is
                given, the speed is reset to default. If speed is set to 0,
                scheduling is suspended and process continues until terminated.

    start [#]   If value is less than 1, error message is displayed
                If stopped, starts at given value or 1.
                If running, starts program execution from given value. If
                    no value is given, message is displayed
                If paused, process resumes at given value or last value.

    stop        Stops the process if running, or displays a message


RUNTIME FLOW
    The flow is divided into three stages: stopped, paused, and running. At launch, runtime begins
as stopped. In all stages, a prompt symbol will be printed and the user will be able to enter a
command. The prompt symbol will depend on the current stage of runtime.

    When stopped, the user may start execution, set the max and speed for the next execution, or get
help.
    
    When paused, the user may restart from last starting value, change the speed or max, or resume.
    
    When running, the user may change the max or speed, reset the process, start from a new value,
pause, or stop.
